# Information for attendees

## Code of conduct

We operate under a [code of conduct](coc.html).

## Teaching style

Our core instructional teaching is hands-on, interactive, and slow
paced with time for questions.  If you've taken a Software or Data
Carpentry course, it's like a Carpentry workshop!  This is
intentional; research shows that this provides for excellent learning,
as well as allowing for many questions.

## Pace and expertise levels

The ANGUS workshop is "zero entry", and assumes no background in
computing.  Especially at the beginning this means that many attendees
may find the pace rather slow.  However, we believe that getting
everyone on the same page is important, and we also find that going
slowly as needed sets a positive tone, makes sure no one is left
behind, allows for questions, and creates a solid base for forward
progress.

More advanced attendees are welcome to attend, but we ask that they
participate fully in activities.  Attendees who regularly lapse in
workshop tutorials may be asked to stop coming to the workshop.

Software and Data Carpentry workshops are complementary to these workshops
but largely non-overlapping in content.

## Local attendees and workshop hours

The workshops will start mid-morning (9am) and go until 5pm. A core
part of these workshops has traditionally been networking and informal
interactions, which can occur over lunch, at snack times, or out on
the town in the evenings.

## Remote attendance

We do not currently support remote attendance, although some talks and
workshops may have live streams.

## Registration fees - what does my $$ pay for?

In order to enable the most people to come for the lowest price, we
charge a minimal fee for registration and workshop attendance.  This
year, since our funding from NIH has lapsed, we are charging $950 for
registration.  Your registration money primarily pays for instructor
and TA travel, room, and board, as well as lead instructor honoraria.

Room and board are extra.

We try to operate at cost, which means we have thin margins; we have
been supplemented by some grant money in the past. (See
[our funders](FUNDERS.html).)

This year I'm afraid we have no financial aid available.

There are various deadlines associated with registration and housing;
once past the deadline, fees already paid cannot be refunded.  We will
indicate these deadlines on this page below, as well as on the
registration page and in e-mails.
